[Eminem]: 
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep 
Ain't gonna breathe, til I see, what I wanna see 
And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep, in the dirt 
Permanently, you just being hurt, this ain't gonna work 
For me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough 
Cause we, are just gonna be, enemies 
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us 
Coming to terms, where we can agree 
There ain't gonna be, no reason, speakin' with me 
You speak on my seed, then me, no speak Ingles 
So we gonna beed, and keep on beefin', unless 
You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh 
And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see 
A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen 
And you're gonna see, this gangsta pee on himself 
I see you D-12, and thanks, but me no need help 
Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need fifteen of my homies 
When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only 
We never met, but best believe you gone know me 
When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony 
Come on, bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me 
Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me 
You was gonna do, that's what I though, you're pitiful 
I'm rid of you, all you, Ja, you'll get it too 

[Chorus - Eminem (DMX)]: 
Now go to sleep bitch 
Die, motherfucker, die, ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes 
Go to sleep, bitch (what?) 
Why are you still alive? how many times I gotta say, close ya eyes 
And go to sleep bitch (what?) 
Die motherfucker, die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye 
Go to sleep bitch (what?) 
Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah 
...Go to sleep bitch 

[Obie Trice]: 
We got niggas, nervous 
On purpose, to hurt your focus, you's not MC's, you's worthless 
You's not them G's, you's a circus, you's no appeal, please 
You's curtains, you use words, cool heard, slurred in two thousand third 
You's purpin', you's no threat, who's ya servin'? 
When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when 
You fuck with a lavel overseein' the Earth 
Shady motherfucka, O. Trice's birth 
And as I mold, I become a curse 
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf 
Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who 
Depicts fiction in his verse 
And as I breathe, and you be deceased 
The world believe you deceived just to speak 
You's not the streets, you's the desk 
Use not your chest nigga, use a vest 
Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death 
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the debt 

[Chorus] 

[DMX]: 
Hey dawg, I'm a walk like a beast, talk like the streets 
I'm a stay blazin' New York with the heat 
Stalk on the beat, walk with my feet 
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sweet 
Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going 
Shit don't sleep, then sleep not knowin' 
But I'm a keep growing, getting larger than life 
Easy going wit the same one that started the fight 
He be knowing how dog get, when dog gon' bite 
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dawg for life 
Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight 
Cause it's all good, it's all right 
Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back 
Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sack 
Blood Line, and, we can go track for track 
Damn dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that? 

[Chorus] 

[All you motherfuckers, take that 
Here, take this too, bitch, uh, uh, uh, uh... 
We're killin' all you motherfuckers dead, all you 
Fake ass gangsters, no more press, no more press 
Rot, motherfuckers, rot, decay, in the dirt, bitch 
In the motherfucking dirt 
Die nameless, bitch, die nameless, no more fame... 
...Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go...