Chorus: repeat 2X 
 
Hi!  My name is.. (what?)  My name is.. (who?) 
My name is..  scratches> Slim Shady 
Hi!  My name is.. (huh?)  My name is.. (what?) 
My name is..  scratches> Slim Shady 
 
Ahem.. excuse me! 
Can I have the attention of the class 
for one second? 
 
[Eminem] 
Hi kids!  Do you like Primus?  (Yeah yeah!) 
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids?  (Uh-huh!) 
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
Try {'cid} and get messed up worse that my life is? 
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight 
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to {impregnate} 
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" 
Uh-uhhh!  "So why's your face red?  Man you wasted!" 
Well since age twelve, I've felt like a caged elf 
who stayed to himself, in one space, chasin his tail (blalblalblabla) 
Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off 
Kissed em and said, "I ain't know silicone was 'sposed to be this soft" 
I'm bout to pass out and crash, and fall in the grass 
faster than a fat man who sat down too fast 
C'mere lady!  (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) 
I don't give a damn, Dre sent me to tick the world off! 
 
Chorus 
 
[Eminem] 
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high  (Damn!) 
Thanks a lot.. next semester, I'll be thirty-five 
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler 
and told him to change the grade on the paper  (Now!) 
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
Served the bartender, then walked out with a tip cup 
Extraterrestrial, runnin over pedestrians 
in a spaceship while they're screamin at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!" 
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to 
I just found out my mom does more {dope} than I do 
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
Make a record about doin {drugs} and name it after her  (Here mom!) 
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands 
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans  (Aaahhhhhh!) 
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph  (Dude, can I get your autograph?) 
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, {ASSHOLE!}' 
 
Chorus 
 
[Eminem] 
Stop the tape!  This kid needs to be locked away!  (Get him!) 
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! 
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die 
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
Am I comin or goin?  I can barely decide 
I just drank a fifth of Kool-Aid -- dare me to drive?  (Go ahead) 
All my life I was very deprived 
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide 
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk  (hachhh-too) 
I spit when I talk, I'll {fuck} anything that walks  (C'mere) 
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM?  (WAH!)  YOU AIN'T GOT NO {TITS!}  (WAH!) 
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
Put a bulleproof vest on and tap myself in the head  (BANG!) 
I'm steamin mad  (Arrrggghhh!) 
And by the way when you see my dad?  (Yeah?) 
Ask him if he bought a porno mag and seen my ad 
 
Chorus