OK, I'm going to attempt to drown myself 
                            You can try this at home 
                            You can be just like me!

                        Mic check one two.. we recordin? 
          I'm cancerous, so when I diss you wouldn't wanna answer this
          If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
                 I strangled you to death then I choked you again
        Then break your fuckin legs till your bones poke through your skin
                    You beef wit me, I'ma even the score equally
               Take you on Jerry Springer, and beat yer ass legally
                    I get you blunted off of funny home grown
          Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
                    (Ohh no!!)  So if I said I never did drugs
        That would mean I lie AND get fucked more than the President does
              Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
           I ripped her fuckin tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch!)
                     My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
          Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blonde dreads (Fuck you!)
                    Every girl I ever went out wit is goin lez
                   Follow me and do exactly what the song says:
          smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people and drink
                And jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
                  I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
             So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
               Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin skill
              Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
          But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
                 How the fuck can I be white, I don't even exist
                     I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
              Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
                   My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
             And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

	             Now follow me and do exactly what you see
                    Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
	               I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
                  Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!

                    Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
            When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold'
                    Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
          Killed em both and smeared blood in a white Bronco (we did it!)
                     My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
                 I slapped Garth Brooks out of his Rhinestone shirt
                      I'm not a player just a ill rhyme sayer
          That'll spray an Aerosol can up at the ozone layer (psssssssh)
                 My rap style's warped, I'm runnin out the morgue
            witcha dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
                   Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon wit a cape on
                     And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
            I'm bout as normal as Norman Bates, with deformative traits
                   A premature birth that was four minutes late
                        Mother.. are you there?  I love you
              I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
                Will someone explain to my brain that I just severed
                    a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
             I take a breather and sighed; either I'm high, or I'm nuts
                  Cause if you ain't tiltin this room, neither am I
            So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass 
                   Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
                   Cause when I drop this solo shit it's over with
                 I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it

	               I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
                     Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
	                 I've been with 10 women who got HIV
                   Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
	             I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
                     Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
	          I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
                   You probably wanna grow up to be just like me!!!