(scratched) (3X): 
"No...you hear me! You go to hell" -> Mr. Garrison 
 
[Eminem] 
Yo 
At birth I was born with the biggest middle finger on earth 
The first time I went to stick it up the shit hurt 
Moms wouldn't take it, the bitch still hates me 
One day she said, "Go rake leaves," I said, "Make me!" 
I'm proud to announce i was probably the first kid 
Who was kicked out of his house for making fart sounds with his mouth 
Arguing with me and mom was on-going 
She called law enforcement when I broke the law mower 
The slut gave me a truck when I turned sixteen 
I went to start it and it screamed, "Please fix me!" 
Back then, when Will Smith was still the Fresh Prince 
And him and Jeff were still best friends, I guess then 
I decided to cut class to rap full time 
And get the fuck outta the fake school and rhyme 
Anybody who thinks this fuckin attitude is a gimmick 
Come and see me, see if I don't live up to this image 
Break shit! 
 
(scratched) (4X): 
"No...you hear me! You go to hell!" 
 
[Parl Yams] 
Yo, y'all rappers have never learned 
That's why I'm fuckin wit y'all 
Run around telling niggas they can fuck wit Parl 
I bring it to your high school, smoke the prom 
Put your brother in an air lock, choke your mom 
Cause any horror like a play off loss in game seven 
Walk around ripping on niggas madder than James Evans 
My left hand's sharp it moves freestyle ultra 
Slap my dick like Kool Keith 
Fuck like you stole from me, and rules the streets 
I don't wanna have to fuck you up, so cool cease 
Parl Yams be the chosen thug 
What i spit be cold juice like a fruitful hug 
Run the streets while you're stuck at home 
My temper life bushwick bill fucker leave me the fuck alone 
I've been jealous since niggas was windmillin' 
These cats just started to rhyme, my pen's spillin' 
And moms just told me to act, i've been wheelin' 
So boy just slow your deck, i've been stealin' 
I wet rappers cause it's me and Em 
I guess I just ain't give a fuck like Eminem 
Burglarize take busts with the slugs 
Come in your window like (? ? ?) and bustin' your club 
Put the heat up I teach them niggaz what to suck 
And my young lords, when to stand up and light the Dutch 
 
(scratched) (4X): 
"No...you hear me! You go to hell!" 
 
[Eminem] 
I ended my last show with a horse swingin' a lasso 
Drunk with the asshole ripped out of an old bathrobe 
Cause I don't give a fuck, you better understand that 
Two Zantacs I give a fuck if I sound whack 
Billboard, drugs is what I kill for 
I'm Happy Gilmore, you slip me anything in pill form 
I'm in to mingle but I plan to stay single 
Play bingo and drink, get old and watch my face wrinkle 
Sike, I'm 24 Thursday; six more birthdays 
and I'm blowin my brains out when I'm thirty 
As long as my heart beats I'ma keep tryin to see 
How much speed I can eat before I fall the fuck asleep 
So "I'm the Rapper, He's the DJ" 
I'm the one thats got the six year old nephew screamin "F/U/C/K" 
So Jeff, give me a scratch (scratched: "No!") 
Y'all can kiss my ass until your lips stick to my pants 
 
(scratched) (5X): 
"No...you hear me! You go to hell!"